Hello Gus will come back.
Sometimes we need to add as many products as possible so that we can search a product at magination
and many more.
Adding an item one by one is just not that efficient to test.
So the first thing we want to do is you want to go to your house show and cancel server and you want
to store a live record.
So the power dash dash so we don't always think to add to your studio and up here we want to do is you
want to add conses thicker the quarter figure.
Right.
So if you're just put in a comment join us for that.
So always go ahead and write code.
So faker is actually to generate as many feet as possible.
So you'll see an action.
Sure.
Yes.
So I use it you type in dot image tags if you want more detail you can go to Chrome securly javascript.
Your first one and it can take a look at the attributes and it feels that they provide zip code address
combers company and so on.
So we go back to use to doing Contini will last us says this
was prior
to some
sort of price race.
And finally you want to be
Selassie you want to add press on
so
many issues.
All right.
So before that we want to put owner and we want to put request step parents Zackary.
So we've got to do that because we need to get it from you know for postman pedigree because to this.
So first let's go to postman and let's take a look at categories.
Let's go ahead and grab cats on campus get ready to put your.
And then as for owner we want to go to our ushe our issues here so we can find out.
It's good to hear.
Zone or
a uses I create it.
So it's good to want to be users and it's good to OROSZ Irish Coffee is a
cockpit.
Let's go back to new studio and pasted right here.
See it and let's go ahead and test this route.
Just say
this one you should put it is don't we don't need this idea.
All right.
See this.
Let's go back to Boseman groove people.
What is the name of the curve.
That's right.
OK.
We haven't actually started to
connected to the database so you can send it isn't that.
Salir that solar send successfully added 20 pictures.
So you want to go to sell this product which is this just this one.
Right now there's only one item which is how low and description I mean the titles mean that the products
only.
Hello.
So let's go in and click send.
And now we have 20 products you can see as image intelligent drug or mouse.
Image is this.
And then you get another product call rustic metal bands.
I know kind of weird name but certainly faker is a library or a dependency to actually generate as many
products as you want if you want to test it out.
So in this section we learn how to post an image to a street.
So in the next section Adam Peterson will what is true on the front and back.
So I'll see you guys in the next couple of sections by.